I'm going to run again control shift P. I'm going to run Git clone,
and I'm going to clone down a new repository.
This repository is going to be the repository for my personal solution to this project.
Just like before, we're going to have to put that in our VNC clipboard.
Now we can hide the clipboard again when I
come back to the command palette and Visual Studio code,
I can pull down this repository once again it's
going to ask me where I want to save this repository.
I'm going to put it again in /home/workspace.
We'll see we already have the system monitor project repository there,
that's our starter code.
I'm going to put my personal solution code in here.
Visual Studio code says I want to reload the window,
and then I'm going to open that folder.
It looks like unlike like last time it didn't prompt me to open by default.
So we'll go to exactly where we stored it.
We'll go back to /home/workspace,
and then we want to open David's personal solution.
So we'll say okay, open that.
You can see we have here your pretty similar structure to the starter code.
It's just that if you go into the source code files here something like system.cpp,
sorry let me get that clicked right.
Here I've filled out all of that starter code.
So now if I create a terminal,
and I run make build in the terminal.
Once again, everything should build.
Takes a little longer down because I guess there's a little more code there.
I'll clear out the terminal and I'll run /build/monitor same program as before.
Now we have something that looks a little more correct.
We have a CPU that's bouncing around
a little bit in terms of utilizations similar with memory.
We can see data about the system,
then we can see data about the 10,
most intensively the 10 processes that are utilizing the CEO the most heavily.
Not shockingly those processes here are: Slash users/share/code/code,
that's Visual Studio code.
So Visual Studio Code is the program that's
actually putting the most resources on the system right now as well as turbo Bi-an Z.
So that's where we want to get to by the end of the project and
over the coming videos and
text we'll talk a little bit about how we get from the starter code that we
provide to something that looks a little bit more like this when you finish the project.